[Music]
now how do you practice this detachment
in the practice of sahaja yoga you have
to rise higher you have to improve your
own instrument and not the instrument of
others this is one thing one should do
for definite now you just watch your
attention where is he watches as soon as
you start watching yourself your
attention you will become more
identified with your spirit because if
you have to watch your attention you
have to be your spirit otherwise heavily
watch it so now see where is your
attention
the detachment is to be watched and seen
through your own attachments now because
you are realized Souls not yet the
spirit is not coming your brain of
course but still your relicense so what
you can do is at least to watch your
attention you can do that you can watch
your attention very clearly by seeing
where your attention is way
and then controlling your attention also
that very simple
control your attention you have to just
remove your attention from this to that
try to change your priorities all this
has to be done now
after realization a completely in sahaja
yoga your state of mind is such that you
are absolutely detached and absolutely
attached only on vibrations you will
know how the person is and so it will
seem that you are absolutely detached
but when you will find the vibrations
are showing or indicating something
serious about that person what you will
do will put fully attention to that full
attention will put attention but not
attachment so the attachment doesn't
solve the problem what solves the
problem is attention but when you are
not detached then your attention is
attached attention it's an attention
that is not available to everyone and
attention that gets stuck absolutely
stuck into that person with whom you are
identified try to understand so to be
identified with someone is not actually
what we can say paying attention to that
was and then your attention will work if
you are of that level whenever you put
attention to that particular person who
needs your attention it will work but if
you are all the time wasting your
attention on a person because they are
attached to that person
the rotation will be tired it won't work
out it's a big I should say a paradox
that if you are attached to someone then
your attention doesn't work and if you
are not attached to that person you do
everything else so let the attention be
free attention should not be bound by
your attachments attention should be
absolutely free so it works
automatically automatically and you will
be amazed even if you do not pay
attention the attention will be worth it
it is such a great thing to have this
spiritual attention which is nothing but
love it will just act you'll be amazed
how it acts it's another world I am
talking about not this one day in world
but something higher where your
attention works and works so beautifully
that you are amazed how it will work but
you should not bound it by your
attachments if it is bound you can have
a very limited sphere our
identifications have one so deeper into
or be so deeper into being our hands
suppose we say that we are not free
people at all we might be free
politically all right but this is so
superficial the Spirit is the only thing
that is free within it which has no
hands which has no habits which does not
stick on to anything is completely
detached and emitting joy to us it is a
thing that makes our spirit our
attention so enlightened
[Music]
enlighten attention as I said is not the
attention that we understand that
there's a light we see the light nothing
of the that but with this enlightened
attention our awareness becomes unlit
enlightened now once your attention goes
beyond the mind only the sahaja Yogi's
will understand this point very clear
clear when this mind goes beyond the
thoughts then the manipulation of the
attention is very important then
whatever you manipulate means you take
this attention to base or to that order
you you will be surprised how dynamic
you become how effective you become and
how knowledgeable you be because once
you can take this attention to anything
you want immediately there is light on
that issue on that person on that
problem and you see how it works
how is her in sahaja yoga we have said
whether there have been lots of miracles
with your attention or something like
that I agree but your attention also is
quite capable of doing things which
normal people can't because now your
attention is purified firstly and
secondly it is manipulated with the
divine power and is manifesting its
powers last time I told you about the
vibrations what is it what does it stand
for and how you get the subtle energy
which we call as tan Matra
our light they just
of water jello and fruits will agony but
I didn't tell you of one very special
one which is in English language you
call it ether but ether is the energy
which is managed by another tan Matra we
call it Akasha
the best thing for all of you is to
become thoughtless that's the blessing
of Christ that's what he worked it out
for them then only this akash that when
you work and how it works through your
attention it works with me as you know
with my attention i work out many things
how just my attention has become
thoughtless just thoughtless it goes
wherever it goes it works but if you put
your attention for thought all the time
for thinking then it doesn't do the work
that it is supposed to do attention
works marvelously if you are thoughtless
otherwise it does so it has to rise from
your own self then from others
to the higher level of humanity where
you are in communication with the sky
with we can call it as the tan Matra or
the essential or the essence of it with
ether you can have television you can
have telephone it's a miracle otherwise
but with distant Matra sitting down here
you can do the job it works just
attention works I know that you also
know very well we don't have to ask me
to put that nation you just put that
tension and it will work it's a very
important thing that you have bought I
think that is the first thing
once you have no problem but we start
manifesting from the earth element then
from the other element then from the jel
element and then we come to thesis that
the face starts shining but lastly we
get this thoughtless awareness by which
our attention
he's absolutely free to do some special
and you all can do it you all can work
it out
only thing become thoughtlessly aware as
the blessing of Christ if it works you
will be absolutely enjoying yourself
may God bless
[Music]
you